c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataAccess.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanViewModel.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataAccess.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanViewModel.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\4.Perpustakaan.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataModel.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataModel.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\4.Perpustakaan.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanViewModel.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataModel.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Perpustakaan.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\PerpustakaanDataModel.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan.Tests\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.Tests.pdb
