c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Perpustakaan.dll.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Perpustakaan.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Perpustakaan.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanDataAccess.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanViewModel.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanDataAccess.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanViewModel.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\obj\Debug\5.Perpustakaan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\obj\Debug\Perpustakaan.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanDataModel.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Perpustakaan\Perpustakaan\bin\PerpustakaanDataModel.pdb
